bug fix arg to boolean (#35664)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedRecordedFuture/ReleaseNotes/1_1_4.md

#### Integrations

##### Recorded Future RiskList Feed

> - Fixed an issue where incorrect value was set to performance parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where an error was raised when the *performance* parameter was not set.
```
